docs: upgrade and message format version handling for Kafka 3.0 and later (#5843)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/assemblies/upgrading/assembly-upgrade-kafka-versions.adoc

|===

> IMPORTANT: From Kafka {DefaultKafkaVersion}, the `log.message.format.version` is assumed to match the `inter.broker.protocol.version` and doesn't need to be set.

Reviewer: I think this should be hardcoded since this will not change. Also, at least based on the KAfka docs, this is not the right statement.

```suggestion
IMPORTANT: From Kafka 3.0.0, when `inter.broker.protocol.version` is set to `3.0` or higher, the `log.message.format.version` option is ignored doesn't need to be set.
```

Author: I've updated all instances.
